Deployment: Document for Node Admins #219 (#350)
zigbee-alliance/distributed-compliance-ledger: docs/running-node-manual/private-sentry.md

    - Optionally change other setting.
- Open `26656` (p2p) and `26657` (RPC) ports.
    - `sudo ufw allow 26656/tcp`
    - `sudo ufw allow 26657/tcp`
- Edit `cosmovisor.service`
    - Replace `ubuntu` with a username you want to start service on behalf
- Copy service configuration.
    - `cp cosmovisor.service /etc/systemd/system/`
- Enable the service: `sudo systemctl enable cosmovisor`
- Start node: `sudo systemctl start cosmovisor`
- For testing purpose the node process can be started directly: `./dcld start` (instead of two previous `systemctl` commands using `cosmovisor` service).
Service mode is recommended for demo and production environment.

- Use `systemctl status cosmovisor` to get the node service status.
- Use `journalctl -u cosmovisor.service -f` to see node logs.
- You can also check node status by executing the command `./dcld status` to get the current status.
    The value of `latest_block_height` reflects the current node height.

- Add the following line to the end of `$HOME/.profile` file:
    - `export PATH=$PATH:$HOME/.dcl/cosmovisor/current/bin`
- Execute the following command to apply the updated `$PATH` immediately:
    - `source $HOME/.profile`

> ### 9. Check the observer node is running and getting all the transactions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 9. Check the private sentry node is running and getting all the transactions:
```
